NIAD-1445: Update changelog (#222)
nhsconnect/integration-adaptor-gp2gp: CHANGELOG.md

## [0.1.2] - 2021-05-07

> - Enivronment variables updated in corrisponsing vars files in docker for integration with GPCC 0.0.5 changes. (Update environment variables accordingly)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Environment variables updated in corresponding vars files in docker for integration with GPCC 0.0.5 changes. (Update environment variables accordingly.)
```

> - All vunerabile dependencies fixed with exception to one that current has no fxied list below in known issues.

Reviewer 2: List the fixed vulnerabilities in the "Fixed" section

## [0.1.2] - 2021-05-07

- Environment variables updated in corresponding vars files in docker for integration with GPCC 0.0.5 changes. (Update environment variables accordingly)

> - All vunerabile dependencies fixed with exception to one that current has no fxied list below in known issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All vulnerable dependencies fixed with exception to one that currently has no fix listed below in known issues.
```

- https://snyk.io/vuln/SNYK-JAVA-IONETTY-1042268

### Added

- NIAD-1445: Bump version to 0.1.1 (#206)
- NIAD-1412: Populate bolierplate values in EHR UAT (#208)
- NIAD-1410: Handle unmapped resources with Mapper
- NIAD-910: Map diagnostic report to compound statement 

### Fixed

- NIAD-1431: Add priorMedicationRef to ehrSupplyDiscontinue to MedicationRequest (#212)
- NIAD-1397: Content link in related clinical (#213)
- NIAD-1359: AgentDirectory structure (#211)
- NIAD-1398: Participant2 bug in allergy intolerance
- NIAD-1366: Missing statusCode to RequestStatement (#196)
- NIAD-1369: Order of linkset output (#205)
- NIAD-1429: Missing statusCode to Condition LinkSet (#209)
- NIAD-1432: Missing agent to BloodPressure (#214)
- NIAD-1428: Remove contextConductionId from Allergy Structure (#207)
- NIAD-1425: Remove valueQuantity element from Blood pressure (#203)
- NIAD-1365: Element order requeststatement (#202)
- NIAD-1367: Correct AllergyIntolerance mapping output to match schema (#200)
- NIAD-1380: Encode referenceRange text for XML (#199)

## [0.1.1] - 2021-05-06

### Known Issues and Limitations

> - Known to be a broken version due to missing environment variables needed for GPCC inegration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Known to be a broken version due to missing environment variables needed for GPCC integration.
```

### Added

- NIAD-1445: Bump version to 0.1.1 (#206)
- NIAD-1432: Add agent to BloodPressure (#214)
- NIAD-1397: Fix content link in related clinical (#213)
- NIAD-1359: Fix agentDirectory structure (#211)
- NIAD-1431: Add priorMedicationRef to ehrSupplyDiscontinue to MedicationRequest (#212)
- NIAD-1365: Fix element order requeststatement (#202)
- NIAD-1429: Add statusCode to Condition LinkSet (#209)
- NIAD-1380: Encode referenceRange text for XML (#199)
- NIAD-1366: Add missing statusCode to RequestStatement (#196)
- NIAD-1428: Remove contextConductionId from Allergy Structure (#207)
- NIAD-1425: Remove valueQuantity element from Blood pressure (#203)
- NIAD-1369: Fix order of linkset output (#205)
- NIAD-1412: Populate bolierplate values in EHR UAT (#208)
- NIAD-1367: Correct AllergyIntolerance mapping output to match schema (#200)
- NIAD-1398: Fix participant2 bug in allergy intolerance
- NIAD-1410: Handle unmapped resources  with Mapper
- NIAD-910: Map diagnostic report to compound statement 

## [0.1.1] - 2021-05-06

### Known Issues and Limitations

> - Known to be a broke version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Known to be a broken version
```
